Added SRTO_BINDTODEVICE option (#1203)
Haivision/srt: docs/API.md

either only a retrieved (GET) or specified (SET) value.

| OptName               | Since | Binding | Type     | Units  | Default  | Range  |
| --------------------- | ----- | ------- | -------- | ------ | -------- | ------ |
| `SRTO_BINDTODEVICE`   | 1.5.0 | pre     | `string` |        |          |        |

> - Refets to `SO_BINDTODEVICE` system socket option for `SOL_SOCKET` level. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Refers to the `SO_BINDTODEVICE` system socket option for `SOL_SOCKET` level. This
```
